you can see how the younger wolves are
excited by the arrival of their father
storm
these younger wolves are his pups from
previous years in fact they still lick
at his mouth to be fed like they did
when they were small
[Music]
it's so rare to see this I feel very
lucky
[Music]
but then my eye in the sky spots a black
bear approaching the den
I see it before the Wolves do they don't
realize the approaching threat while the
black bear would be hard-pressed to take
on an adult it could be after the pups
[Music]
every time the bear tries to go into the
trees where the pop star storm bites him
in the rear forcing the bear to turn
back to face
[Music]
[Applause]
by working together a combination of
pushing from behind and leading him on
storming his offspring
get the bear away from the dead
I think that bears just as happy as the
Wolves to be out of there
[Music]